README.md, before:

# Clio 3: Programming for Historians

This is the syllabus and website for "[Clio 3: Programming for
Historians][]" (HIST 698) offered at George Mason University by [Lincoln
Mullen][].

## Contributing to this syllabus

Here is how to contribute to this syllabus.

0.  Sign up for a [GitHub][] account.
1.  [Fork this repository][].
2.  [Clone the repository to your own computer][].
3.  In your terminal navigate to the directory with this repository.
4.  (optional) Run `bundle install` to install necessary gems.
5.  (optional) Run `rake preview` and open <http://localhost:4000> in
    your web browser to preview changes.
6.  Create a new branch for your changes:
    `git checkout -b my-new-branch-name`.
7.  Make your changes and [commit them][]. [Follow the convention for
    committ messages][].
8.  Push your changes to your forked repository: `git push`
9.  Open a [pull request][].
10. Wait to hear from me that I've merged in your changes.

Ask for help if you need it!

## License

Syllabus and other contents are copyright 2014 Lincoln Mullen; they are
licensed [CC-BY][]. You may use and adapt this syllabus for any purpose,
provided that you provide attribution, preferably with a link to the
original course website.

  [Clio 3: Programming for Historians]: http://lincolnmullen.com/courses/clio3.2014/
  [Lincoln Mullen]: http://lincolnmullen.com
  [GitHub]: https://github.com
  [Fork this repository]: https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo
  [Clone the repository to your own computer]: http://git-scm.com/book/en/Git-Basics-Getting-a-Git-Repository
  [commit them]: http://gitref.org/basic/
  [Follow the convention for committ messages]: http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html
  [pull request]: https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request
  [CC-BY]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

Commit message:

Altered to reflect my purposes for revision
Changed to reflect that this isn't a syllabus website; extended the license to distinguish between my work and Lincoln's.

README.md, after:

# AMH 2042: Modern American Civilization

This is an auxiliary website for "[Modern American Civilization][]" (AMH 2042) offered at Florida International University by [Shane Landrum][]. 

## Contributing to this website

Here is how to contribute to this website.

0.  Sign up for a [GitHub][] account.
1.  [Fork this repository][].
2.  [Clone the repository to your own computer][].
3.  In your terminal navigate to the directory with this repository.
4.  (optional) Run `bundle install` to install necessary gems.
5.  (optional) Run `rake preview` and open <http://localhost:4000> in
    your web browser to preview changes.
6.  Create a new branch for your changes:
    `git checkout -b my-new-branch-name`.
7.  Make your changes and [commit them][]. [Follow the convention for
    committ messages][].
8.  Push your changes to your forked repository: `git push`
9.  Open a [pull request][].
10. Wait to hear from me that I've merged in your changes.

Ask for help if you need it!

## License

The contents are built on a skeleton which is copyright 2014 Lincoln Mullen; 
his original syllabus work is licensed [CC-BY][] and is available 
[at the Clio3 website](https://github.com/lmullen/clio3-syllabus).

Components added to extend Lincoln's work are copyright 2014 Shane Landrum
and are also licensed [CC-BY][]. You may use and adapt this content for any
purpose, provided that you provide attribution, preferably with a link to the
original course website.

  [Modern American Civilization]: http://cpbucket.fiu.edu/1148-amh2042vc1148-85374/syllabus.html
  [Shane Landrum]: http://cliotropic.org
  [GitHub]: https://github.com
  [Fork this repository]: https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo
  [Clone the repository to your own computer]: http://git-scm.com/book/en/Git-Basics-Getting-a-Git-Repository
  [commit them]: http://gitref.org/basic/
  [Follow the convention for committ messages]: http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html
  [pull request]: https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request
  [CC-BY]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
